toggle_keep_vp exclam
toggle_menu question
toggle_aliasing semicolon
toggle_actions colon
toggle_caption quotedbl
toggle_fixed_geometry parenright
toggle_pointer parenleft
toggle_filenames less
toggle_info greater
toggle_exif numbersign
toggle_pause space

menu_up m
menu_parent t
menu_down s
menu_child n
menu_select g Return
menu_close q Escape

toggle_fullscreen F11

jump_fwd egrave Page_Up
jump_first eacute Home
prev_dir p Up
jump_last apostrophe End
save_filelist y

jump_back o Page_Down
prev_img a Left
next_dir i Down
next_img u Right
save_image h

zoom_out minus C-minus
zoom_in plus C-plus
zoom_default w C-a

jump_random e

action_0 0 Return

orient_1 B S-Tab C-S-i
scroll_up_page M 1-Up

orient_3 b Tab C-i
reload_plus c
scroll_up m S-Up
reload_minus l
flip f
reload_image z C-r

remove g Delete
scroll_left t S-Left
scroll_down s S-Down
scroll_right n S-Right
mirror r
render x

delete G C-Delete
scroll_left_page T 1-Left
scroll_down_page S 1-Down
scroll_right_page N 1-Right

close q C-w Escape
zoom_fill d
size_to_image v
zoom_fit j
